Bump 0.1.2 (#39)
port-labs/Port-Ocean: CHANGELOG.md

<!-- towncrier release notes start -->

0.1.2 (2023-07-27)
==================

### Breaking Changes

> - All integration config is now decamelize and used as snake case inside the integration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- All integration configuration variables are now passed to the integration code in snake_case format
```

- Renamed `port_ocean.config.integration` -> `port_ocean.config.settings`

### Features

- All the settings can now be set using environment variables with prefix of `OCEAN__{The name of the field}` and `__` between nested fields

> - The broker field in the kafka settings has now the default of port production brokers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The broker field in the kafka settings now has the Port production brokers as the default value
```
